# Data_Analysis_Case_study
Google's Data Analytics Certificate Capstone: Exploratory Analysis of Health Tracker Data

# Scenario
You are a junior data analyst working on the marketing analyst team at Bellabeat, a high-tech manufacturer of health-focused
products for women. Bellabeat is a successful small company, but they have the potential to become a larger player in the
global smart device market. Urška Sršen, cofounder and Chief Creative Officer of Bellabeat, believes that analyzing smart
device fitness data could help unlock new growth opportunities for the company. You have been asked to focus on one of
Bellabeat’s products and analyze smart device data to gain insight into how consumers are using their smart devices. The
insights you discover will then help guide marketing strategy for the company. You will present your analysis to the Bellabeat
executive team along with your high-level recommendations for Bellabeat’s marketing strategy

# Questions to answer

Sršen asks you to analyze smart device usage data in order to gain insight into how consumers use non-Bellabeat smart
devices. She then wants you to select one Bellabeat product to apply these insights to in your presentation. These questions
will guide your analysis:

1. What are some trends in smart device usage?

2. How could these trends apply to Bellabeat customers?

3. How could these trends help influence Bellabeat marketing strategy

# Dataset to be used

https://www.kaggle.com/arashnic/fitbit

- This dataset generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016. Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. Individual reports can be parsed by export session ID (column A) or timestamp (column B). Variation between output represents use of different types of Fitbit trackers and individual tracking behaviors / preferences. (https://www.kaggle.com/arashnic/fitbit)


